*Case 1: Year Only* 
Q: When was Isiah Bowman appointed to President Wilson's Inquiry?
S: Three years later in 1917, he was appointed to then President Woodrow Wilson's inquiry in 1917.
A: 1917

Case 2: Full Date
Q: When was the United Methodist Church created?
S: On April 23, 1968, the United Methodist Church was created when the Evangelical United Brethren Church (represented by Bishop Reuben H. Mueller) and The Methodist Church (represented by Bishop Lloyd Christ Wicke) joined hands at the constituting General Conference in Dallas, Texas.
A: April 23, 1968

Case 3: Partial Date
Q: When did the Syrian Civil War begin?
S: Originating as the Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad in 1999, it pledged allegiance to al-Qaeda in 2004, participated in the Iraqi insurgency that followed the March 2003 invasion of Iraq by Western forces, joined the fight in the Syrian Civil War beginning in March 2011, and was expelled from al-Qaeda in early 2014, (which complained of its failure to consult and "notorious intransigence")
A: March 2011

Case 4A: Approximate Dates
Q: When did the age of Imperialism begin?
S: The Age of Imperialism, a time period beginning around 1700, saw (generally European) industrializing nations engaging in the process of colonizing, influencing, and annexing other parts of the world in order to gain political power.
A: around 1700

Case 4B: Approximate Dates
Q: When did the term imperialism first come to be used by its current definition?
S: The term "Imperialism" was originally introduced into English in its present sense in the late 1870s by opponents of the allegedly aggressive and ostentatious imperial policies of British prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli.
A: late 1870s

Case 4C: Approximate Dates
Q: When were Joseph Schumpeter and Norman Angell at their most prolific writing period?
S: While these non-Marxist writers were at their most prolific before World War I, they remained active in the interwar years.
A:before World War I

Case 5: Descriptive Dates
Q: When did Great Britain colonize Australia?
S: The country of Australia serves as a case study in relation to British settlement and colonial rule of the continent in the eighteenth century, as it was premised on terra nullius, and its settlers considered it unused by its sparse Aboriginal inhabitants.
A: the eighteenth century

Case 6A: An Era, Period or Event
Q: When is the earliest most Marxists claim imperialism as an extension of capitalism has its roots
S: Such writers have expanded the time period associated with the term so that it now designates neither a policy, nor a short space of decades in the late 19th century, but a world system extending over a period of centuries, often going back to Christopher Columbus and, in some accounts, to the Crusades.
A: the Crusades

Case 6B: An Era, Period or Event
Q: When did the Germanic tribes claim territory in north and west Europe?
S:From their original homelands in Scandinavia and northern Europe, Germanic tribes expanded throughout northern and western Europe in the middle period of classical antiquity; southern Europe in late antiquity, conquering Celtic and other peoples; and by 800 CE, forming the Holy Roman Empire, the first German Empire.
A: middle period of classical antiquity

Case 6C: An Era, Period or Event
Q: When was the the second German empire founded?
S: After Prussia unified the other states into the second German Empire after the Franco-German War, its long-time Chancellor, Otto von Bismarck (1862–90), long opposed colonial acquisitions, arguing that the burden of obtaining, maintaining, and defending such possessions would outweigh any potential benefits.
A: after the Franco-German War

Case 7: When is Answered by a When (a condition becomes true) 
Q: When did French Republicans back building the French empire?
S: Republicans, at first hostile to empire, only became supportive when Germany started to build her own colonial empire.
A: when Germany started to build her own

Case 8: 










